Activity 1: 
Design an algorithm to accept 10 integer elements for an array and print the sum of all the elements. 
Activity 2: 
Design an algorithm to accept 20 integer elements for an array and print the maximum 3 and minimum 3 elements from the array. 
Note: Sorting of array elements are not expected as part of this activity. 
Activity 3: 
Design an algorithm to accept 10 integer elements for an array and then rearrange the elements in the array in reverse order. The reversed array must be displayed as output. 
Activity 4: 
Design an algorithm which accepts a set of N (consider N to be 30) student’s examination marks (in the range of 0 to 100). Then make a count of the number of students that obtain each possible mark (i.e.; 
count of how many students scored 0, count of how many students scored 1, …. till count of how many students scored 100) 
Activity 5: 
Modify the algorithm written in Activity 4 in order to get count of students in a specific range of marks as defined below. 
Range of marks: 
0 to 10% 
11% to 20% 
; 
; 
; 
91% to 100%


 Activity 6: 
Design an algorithm to calculate the factorial of a number N. The value of N is provided as an input by the user. 
Activity 7: 
Design an algorithm which accepts 10 integer values, calculates the average and prints it.

Activity 8: 
A train running at the speed of x km/hr crosses a pole in y seconds. Design an algorithm to accept x and y as inputs from the user and then calculate the length of the train. 
Note: values of x and y must be positive and non-zero. 
Activity 9: 
A train X m long passes a man, running at 5 km/hr in the same direction in which the train is going, in Y seconds. Design an algorithm to accept the values of X and Y as input from the user and then calculate the speed of the train. 
Note: values of X and Y must be positive and non-zero.
Activity 10: 
Two goods train each 500 m long, are running in opposite directions on parallel tracks. Their speeds are X km/hr and Y km/hr respectively. Design an algorithm to accept the values of speed X and Y from the user and find the time taken by the slower train to pass the driver of the faster one. 
Note: values of X and Y must be positive and non-zero 
